motiversity.md
Success is growth. Every day. If you go a couple days without feeling like you've change something, if you've gone a couple days feeling like you're kind of the same as you were yesterday, then you get disgusted and you get frustrated. Like a man who hasn't had a meal. You get frustrated and you desire thant growth. So why haven't I grown today? Why didn't i Grow yesterday? What kept me back? Did I go back into some sort of conmfortable pattern? When you're in the gym, don't count your reps, just push until it hurts and once it hurts, then start conuting your reps. That's why when they asked Muhammad Ali how many push-ups he does, he said "I don't know. Ionly start counting when it hurts."  So that's how we grow, that's how we succeed. As we push and push and push and go and once it starts hurting, once the resistance starts coming that's when we start counting. That's when we start to matter. So Don't dodge the fear, don't dodge the pain don't dodge the resistance, don't dodge the attack that is coming against you. Look at it with opportunity. Look at it as an opportuinty to find victory. Victory is found in the struggle. The struggle is not to be avoided, the struggle is to be confronted. The struggle is to be welcomed with joy. That you finally have an opportunity to show God, to show the world, that you're ready for this fight. That you know you got your eyes on the prize. You know what your goal is, you know what your dream is , and you're gonna demonstrate to God, to the world, there ain't no amount of struggle, ain't no high of an obstacle, strong army of hate and doubt gonna get in your way from this victory that is destined for your life. For this victory that is destined by you accomplishing your dream. You will accompllish your dream because your dream is never gonna give up on you. It'll stay with you. So army of doubters army of haters, army of all those who said Inever could army of that voice inside of me that's tried to keep me down, army of that voice inside of me that's tried to keep me down, all of you will be slain one by one because the victory is mine. 